# Sandboxing

- *babyjail-level1*: the program takes the file path as parameter, and display its content. The program will use `chroot` to sandbox the process. Use `../../../../../../flag` as parameter (use enough `../` to ensure that we reach the root path)
- *babyjail-level2*: the program takes our shellcode as input, and run it. We only need to construct the shellcode that opens and prints out `../../../../flag` to stdout, and input it to the challenge program
- *babyjail-level3*: the challenge moves the current directory into the jail, so we cannot use `../../../../` to get to the root path of the system. `chroot('/')` to escape. But a vulnerability is that before it changes the root and current directory, it will open a file or directory specified by us in the argument. We can open `/` (the root path of the system), then, we can use `openat(root_fd, 'flag', O_RDONLY)` to open `/flag` (the real flag) even inside this `chroot` jail
- *babyjail-level4*: same setting as in level 3, but allows only the following syscalls: ["openat", "read", "write", "sendfile"]. Luckily, we only used `openat` and `sendfile` in level 3, so we can directly use the code in level 3 to solve level 4
- *babyjail-level5*: use `dir_fd = open('/', 0, 0)` (inside the `chroot` sandbox), `linkat(3, 'flag', dir_fd, 'xxx')`, `flag_fd =  open('/xxx', 0, 0)`, then `sendfile(1, flag_fd, 0, 1000)`
- *babyjail-level6*: use `fchdir(dir_fd)` to switch to the real root (that we previously opened)
- *babyjail-level7*: we can only use these system calls: ["chdir", "chroot", "mkdir", "open", "read", "write", "sendfile"]. None of `chroot`, `chdir`, and `mkdir` takes file descriptor as input, how can we take the advantage of the previously opened directory (`/`, or something else that we can specify)? We cannot. But one thing important is that when current working directory is not inside the chroot jail, we can use `../../../../` to get the root path of the OS, we can `mkdir` a new directory inside the jail, and `chroot` to the new directory, this will not change the current working directory, i.e., our current working directory is now outside the jail!
- *babyjail-level8*: we can only use these system calls: ["openat", "read", "write", "sendfile"]. But unlike level 4, in this challenge, it will no longer open a directory before changing the root and current working directory, so we cannot use `openat(3, 'flag', 0)` to escape the jail. We can open `/` (with FD `3`) when running the challenge using `exec`: `exec 3</ /challenge/babyjail_level8 < shellcode-raw`. The assembly code for level 4 can be reused. Note that when the command finishes, the terminal will be closed. To be able to copy the flag, we can save the output into a file: `(exec 3</ /challenge/babyjail_level8 < shellcode-raw) > flag.txt`
- *babyjail-level9*: allowed system calls: [`close`, `stat`, `fstat`, `lstat`], the challenge will not open a file for us before it creates a `chroot` jail. The tricky part is that this challenge allows only syscall number `3`, `4`, `5`, and `6`, and it uses`seccomp` to apply the filter for `x86_32` architecture. In `x86_32`, these numbers are actually the following system calls: `read`, `write`, `open`, and `close`, so we can directly open, read, and write the flag. Mind that the calling convention for `x86_32` is to pass the arguments using `ebx`, `ecx`, `edx`... And we can use `int 0x80` to make a system call
- *babyjail-level10*: this challenge only allows `read` and `exit` system call, and it will open a file for us before `chroot`ing. There is a side channel to leak the flag from memory, that is, we `read` the opened flag file, and using 1 byte of the flag as the parameter of `exit`, so we are able to learn 1 byte of the flag each time
- *babyjail-level11*
- *babyjail-level12*
- *babyjail-level13*
- *babyjail-level14*
- *babyjail-level15*
- *babyjail-level16*
- *babyjail-level17*
- *babyjail-level18*